The purpose of this privacy policy is to ensure that you understand how and why we collect, as well as how we use your information.

This Privacy Policy applies to all websites, apps, events and other services operated by accusolutions which, altogether, we called “services”, starting from Jan 1st, 2022. (“Effective Date”)

COLLECTION OF DATA

We collect information generated as you use our services, such as access logs, details about your queue, your real-time geolocation, as well as other information from third parties. To learn more about the information we collect, please see:

As you use our services, you give us certain information, includes: 

At least your login credentials and some basic information such as your name or alias and photo of your choice, all of which you would provide us when you create an account.
Some of the services will request other relevant information to book you a ticket or an appointment for that service, such as but not limited to your full Name, ID Number, Passport Number, Date of Birth, Social Security Number, Patient Number, some Bills Reference, which would be connected to the Merchant Portal or CRM for better service.
When you want to change your profile picture, you may allow us to access your camera or gallery on your device.
When you register, enter, or participate in our promotions, events, or any other activities whether on or off-platform, we may collect the information that you provide us in the process.
If you contact us, we may collect your information during the interaction.
When you use our services, we also collect information on how you’ve used our services as well as information about the devices you use to access our services.

 We collect your activity on our services, for instance, the date and time of each logins; shops, stores, or services you have chosen; queue number, number of queues; your waiting time; your feedback, what you click or tap on, and what is shown to you (including promotions and advertisement that you click or tap on)
We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services, including:
hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, device-specific information like apps settings and characteristics, app crashes, advertising IDs (such as Google’s AAID and Apple’s IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device’ settings), browser type, version and language, operating system, time zones, identifiers associated with cookies, or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., IMEI/UDID and MAC address);
information on your wireless and mobile network connection, like your service provider and signal strength.
information on device sensors such as accelerometers, gyroscopes, and compasses.
You may give us permission to collect your real-time and precise geolocation. The collection may occur in the background, even when you are not using the services. If you decline our permission request, we will not collect your information. However, the services may not work at its maximum functionality. Moreover, we may access your gallery and camera if you consent.
INFORMATION USAGE

We use your information to improve our services and to provide you with advertising that are relevant and interesting, and for other reasons which are stated below

Account Maintenance
Create, manage, and maintain your account
Complete your transactions made on or via our services
Provide you with customer support service and respond to your requests
Offers and Advertisements
Administer sweepstakes, contests, discounts or other offers
Develop, display, and track content and advertisement personalized to meet your interests on our services and other sites
Communicate with you via email, phone, social media or mobile, device about products or services that we think may interest you
Legal and Security Matters
Comply with laws, regulations, orders, and other legal requirements, to assist law enforcement as well as to exercise our rights.
Detect any illegal or unauthorized use of services
Perform data analysis to develop better prevention of illegal or unauthorized activities
Retain related data to prevent recurrences of such activities.
To process your information as described above, we operate on these following grounds:

 User experience: Best user experience is what we strive, your information is what help us achieve that.
Legitimate interests: We may use your information where necessary. We may analyse users’ behaviour on our services to continuously improve and develop new features and services as well as maintain the security of our services.
Your Consent: We may ask for your consent to use your information for certain specific reasons. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at the address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION SHARING

We are a queuing application, so we don’t share much of your information. However, when we do, it will mostly be about displaying your queue statuses. We also share some users’ information with service providers and partners who assist us in operating the services, and in some cases, legal authorities. You can find out who they are below.

With everyone else
We might share your name and profile picture that you have set in your account to the Merchant Agent to personalise the service, sometimes on public display along with your queue number on the queue display monitor. The queue display monitors on which your information will be displayed are installed at the stores, shops, or locations that you have booked your queue. Displaying such information will help you as well as others to see, identify, and keep track of their queue on the monitor, and to personalise a better service.

You can change your display name and picture to whichever you want, as long as it doesn’t contain any content of nudity, sexual, violence, hate speech, private information, solicitation, scam, impersonation, copyright or trademark infringement, or any content which is against the law.

If you don’t want your profile picture or Name to be displayed on the monitor at all, you can change your preference under “User Profile” setting and your public display profile picture will be replaced with our stock character.

 With our service providers and partners
We may hire third party services to help us operate and improve our services. They assist us with various tasks, which may include data hosting and maintenance, analytics, marketing, advertising, payment processing and security operations.

As your privacy is our priority, all of our service providers and partners must agree and sign our confidentiality agreement.

 For corporate transactions
We may transfer your information if we are involved, whether in whole or in part, in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control.

 As necessary in compliance with Laws
We may disclose your information if we are requested to do so either by laws, court order, or any other legal requirements as reasonably necessary and in these cases: (i) if disclosure would alleviate our liability in the lawsuit; (ii) as necessary to protect our legal rights and legal rights of our users, business partners or other interested parties; (iii) to enforce our agreements with you; and (iv) to investigate, prevent, or take other actions against suspected or actual illegal or harmful activity; (v) when being inquired by government or government sector regarding the country administration.

 With your consent or at your request
Sometimes, we may share your information with third parties. If so, we will tell you why we have to and want to share your information.

We may use and share non-personally identifiable information – data that may indirectly personally identify who you are such as device information, behavioural data, or geolocation – with third parties to develop and deliver other services or targeted advertising on our services.

CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS

Some information may involve cross-border data transfer to other countries cross border or other Jurisdictions

RIGHTS MANAGEMENT TOOLS

You can control what we collect via these tools:

Profile update tool: You can access and update your profile name and picture with the tools that we provide in the app. If you have any questions about using the tools, feel free to contact us.
Device permissions: You can control our access to certain types of function on your device under “Settings” on your device, the application may not work at its full functionality without some functions.
Uninstall: If you uninstall our app, we will not be able to further collect your information. If you uninstall the app from your mobile device, the unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored. If you re-install the application on the same mobile device, we will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities.
INFORMATION SECURITY

We employ our best security measures to protect your valuable information, but we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain secured.

We may suspend your use of all or part(s) of the services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security.

RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION

We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes and as permitted by applicable law.

Please be informed that we cannot promise or specify the exact time frame which all data of yours will be deleted or fully anonymized due to technical constraints.

CHANGES OF THIS POLICY

Our policy may change over time to comply with applicable laws as well as our business practice and other means. We will notify you before making any changes that may affect your rights and obligations so you can review changes before, they take effect. In cases that the changes don’t affect your rights and obligations, we will notify you when the changes have been made.
